Admin UI SDK 4.1 (#549)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/admin-ui-sdk/eligible-extensions-config.md

---
title: Configure Eligible Extensions
description: Learn how to to configure eligible extensions for the Adobe Commerce Admin UI SDK.
keywords:
  - App Builder
  - Extensibility
---

# Configure eligible extensions

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text" />

> As of Admin UI SDK 4.1, extensions shouldare no longer configured from the Adobe Commerce Admin. Instead, use App Manager to associate an App Builder app to a Commerce instance. See [App Management](../app-management/index.md) and [Manage your app](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce/app-management/manage-app/manage-app) in the _App Management Guide_ for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Admin UI SDK 4.1, extensions are no longer configured from the Adobe Commerce Admin. Instead, use App Management to associate an App Builder app to a Commerce instance. See [App Management](../app-management/index.md) and [Manage your app](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce/app-management/manage-app/manage-app) in the _App Management Guide_ for details.
```
